nobody likes paying tax but the fact of
the matter is the wealth of the middle
class the wealth of government is being
drained by this super super rich group
how do we get it back how do we get it
back how do you get wealth back from a
guy who's rich son is worth 700
million that means he has a passive
income every year of like3 million these
guys will never ever give it back
because they have passive incomes of3
million a year and they use that passive
income to buy the rest of the
[__] the reason I call for tax is
because tax is the only way you regular
working person in your country can
protect yourself from this super rich
there is a group of people that is
taking all of your
[__] how do we stop them from doing that
and tax is the most obvious way to do it
you know I'm not saying tax you ordinary
working person tax the guy who's taking
all of your [__] you know that's why I
support tax because tax is the only way
to [__] protect you from this group
of people who are going to impoverish
you that's why I support it